<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
        <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.3/jquery.min.js">
        </script>
        <title>Plan Help Page</title>

    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <b:navBar brand="#{msgs.brand}">
            <b:navbarLinks>
                <b:navLink value="Login" outcome="index"></b:navLink>
                <b:navLink value="Register" outcome="register"></b:navLink>

            </b:navbarLinks>
        </b:navBar>

        
        <b:container>
            <div id='mainDiv' style="text-align: center">
            <h3><a href = "#" onclick = "toggleReg()">Registration Help</a></h3>
            <br></br>
            <div id = "registerDiv" style="display:none; border:black solid" >
                     Make sure you do not already have an account. If you do you won't be able to register.
                    <br></br>
                     Make sure your passwords match identical.
                    <br></br>
                     You password needs to contain both a character and number, and be over 8 characters long. 
                    <br></br>
                     You can click on the register button to go directly back to the login page after registering.
                    <br></br>
            </div>

            <script>
                function toggleReg() {
                    var reg = document.getElementById("registerDiv");
                    if (reg.style.display == "block") {
                        reg.style.display = "none";
                    }
                    else {
                        reg.style.display = "block";
                    }
                }
            </script>


            <h3> <a href = "#" onclick = "toggleLogin()">Login Help</a> </h3>
            <br></br>
            <div id = "loginDiv" style="display:none; border:black solid">
                You must have already registered with FindAPlan. If you have not done so, please do so prior to logging in!
                <br></br>
                 Make sure your password is typed correctly. Please note that passwords are case sensitive, while usernames are not.
                <br></br>
                 Recall that passwords have specific constraints. You need both a number and a character. 
                <br></br>
                 You can create another account through the registration link at the top of the page if you have forgotten your credentials.
                <br></br>
            </div>

            <script>
                function toggleLogin() {
                    var login = document.getElementById("loginDiv");
                    if (login.style.display == "block") {
                        login.style.display = "none";
                    }
                    else {
                        login.style.display = "block";
                    }
                }
            </script>

            <h3><a href = "#" onclick = "toggleInput()">Input Help</a></h3>
            <br></br>
            <div id = "inputDiv" style="display:none; border:black solid">
                 You should only enter whole numbers for minutes and texts! 
                <br></br>
                 Data use is in the form of gigabytes, but you can use decimals.
                <br></br>
                 Please enter input for all fields. If you need no minutes, for example, you can enter 0. 
                <br></br>
                 Remember that all data input should be on a monthly basis.
                <br></br>
            </div>

            <script>
                function toggleInput() {
                    var input = document.getElementById("inputDiv");
                    if (input.style.display == "block") {
                        input.style.display = "none";
                    }
                    else {
                        input.style.display = "block";
                    }
                }
            </script>





            <h3> <a href = "#" onclick = "toggleOutput()">Output Help</a> </h3>
            <br></br>
            <div id = "outputDiv" style="display:none; border:black solid">
                 You can click on more info to go to the plan providers external website. 
                <br></br>
                 The plans are sorted in terms of cost, with the cheapest 'winning' gold. 
                <br></br>
                 You can easily click on the back button to return to the input page to enter in new information.
                <br></br>
                 Plans are chosen from almost 40 plans, from the main mobile carriers: AT+T, Boost Mobile, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon.
                <br></br>
            </div>

            <script>
                function toggleOutput() {
                    var output = document.getElementById("outputDiv");
                    if (output.style.display == "block") {
                        output.style.display = "none";
                    }
                    else {
                        output.style.display = "block";
                    }
                }
            </script>
            <h4> For additional help, please  <a href="mailto:FindAPlanHelp@Gmail.com?subject=FindAPlan Assistance">Contact</a> us. </h4>

            <h:form>
            <b:commandButton value="Back" onclick="history.go(-1)"></b:commandButton>
            </h:form>
            </div>
        </b:container> 




    </h:body>
</html>
